Movielist tutorial (#43)
cardstack/cardstack-documentation: guides/developer-cookbook/movielist-tutorial.md

## Viewing the Main-Board Card

Now that we set up our schema for the main-board card, we can go ahead and create our first main-board instance. Copy the below code to inside the `if` statement in the `cardhost/cardstack/seeds/data.js`.

```js
factory.addResource('main-boards', 'main').withAttributes({
    title: 'Welcome to your personalized Movie Tracker',
    message: 'Please choose which category to view'
  })
  .withRelated('watched-movies', [
    { type: 'movies', id: '1' },
    { type: 'movies', id: '2' },
  ])
  .withRelated('currently-watching-movies', [
    { type: 'movies', id: '3' },
    { type: 'movies', id: '4' },
  ])
  .withRelated('to-watch-movies', [
    { type: 'movies', id: '5' },
    { type: 'movies', id: '6' },
  ]);
```

> As you can see, since we already created the movie instances, we can relate them to appropriate fields, or in our case movie lists, with a very easy notation.

Author: Agreed.

> Now that we set our data backing with the schema, we can go ahead and design the frontend in `cards/main-board/addon/templates/isolated.hbs`. You can replace the existing code with the following code

Author: Good feedback!

  .withRelated('types', [
    { type: 'content-types', id: 'main-boards' }
  ])
  .withAttributes({
    'may-read-resource': true,
    'may-read-fields': true,
  });

factory.addResource('grants', 'main-board-writers-update')
  .withRelated('who', [{ type: 'groups', id: 'everyone' }])
  .withRelated('types', [
    { type: 'content-types', id: 'main-boards' }
  ])
  .withAttributes({
    'may-create-resource': true,
    'may-update-resource': true,
    'may-delete-resource': true,
    'may-write-fields': true
  });
```
Last but not least, we need to set grants from the overall application schema as well. Thus, go to the `cardhost/cardstack/static-model.js`. Inside the file, find the grants
```js
factory.addResource('grants', 'cardstack-files-world-read')
```

and 

```js
factory.addResource('grants', 'cardstack-files-writers-create')
```

and then paste the following content to their `withRelated` portions

```js
{ type: 'content-types', id: 'movies' },
{ type: 'content-types', id: 'main-boards' },
```

Great! Now, if you restart the application, you have full control over the cards via the Editor.

## Quick Tips for the Editor

> Note: You should always activate the Editor with the 'Edit Content' button before using it!

Author: Thanks for the notice!

- For the second way, recall the syntax that we used in the `cards/main-board/addon/templates/isolated.hbs`:

```html
{{#cs-field content selectedStatue as |movies|}}
```

This is a special why to introduce `fields` of a card if you only need its data, and do not want to render any view, such as our movie lists. We recommand the usage of this `{{#cs-field content 'fieldID' as |xxx| }}` for `fieldTypes` such as `@cardstack/core-types::has-many` or `@cardstack/core-types::belongs-to`.

## Closing
This is the end of our Interactive Movie List Tutorial. Since this is a beginners tutorial, we designed our application in a way that the users can create their own movie records and get familiar with the `schema` and creating card instances manually. Therefore, this application is ideal for tracking long movie sequals, such as Marvel Cinematic Universe. 

Cardstack has a high quality plug-in functionality, so it is possible to make this application more advance, and gather movie data from thrid-party APIs, such as IMDb. However, that process would require a more advance tutorial, which is on the way!

> Thanks for your time, and we hope you liked the Cardstack Framework!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for your time, and we hope you liked developing with the Cardstack SDK!
If you have any questions or feedback on this tutorial, you can reach the engineering team on [Discord](https://medium.com/cardstack/the-brand-new-official-cardstack-discord-channel-4a2ffd925cee) or open Issues and PRs on [GitHub](https://github.com/cardstack/cardstack-documentation/).
```
